**UPDATES ON THE PROJECT**

In the succeeding weeks of the quarter, we plan to be able to maximize our website by using what we have learned from server running and the use of css elements to further maximize our webpage. We shall implemement this through creating two more webpages for further versatility and exploration. These webpages will be to strengthen the user's knowledge about Formula 1. Moreover, we shall be improving the CSS Layout to make the webpage visually pleasing for the user. Furthermore, we shall be implementing a client-side server so people may fill out forms and create their own accounts in our platform to ensure that the experience becomes more personal and user-centered. Overall, these changes shall improve the user interface and will prompt more user interaction, as well as enable users to form greater connection and attachment to the sport. 

The two webpages shall be about the meme culture of Formula 1 and also a step by step guide into the rules and regulations of Formula 1. These webpages will enchance the user's knowledge about the sport, especially if they are a newbie. These include pop culture references, popular inside jokes among the audience, Moreover, we shall be creating a client side form handle in webpages such as the quiz page for the user to be able to submit infomration and receive the corresponding results. In terms of CSS, we shall be using the box-sizing format and flexbox to be able to better organize the page. We shall also make use of minor details such as positioning and z-index so that we may control how the eleements are positioned and keep important elements of the webpage on the user's browser window.
